# MinecraftLanguageRandomizer
Randomizes a given Minecraft translation file.


## How to use:
In order to use this program, all you need is a file containing Minecraft's translation keys and translated names for any language. For info on how to aquire these files, please consult elsewhere. Once this file and this program's executable are in the same folder, you can run the program and follow the instructions as prompted in the command line window that will open. Alternatively if you wish, you can compile the code yourself and run it in the same way.

## How to install the resource pack:
In order to install the resource pack generated by the program, you will need the two files generated by this program. One of these will be a file called "pack.mcmeta" and the other will be a file that will have a named based on user input, but will always be a .json file.
In order to turn these two files into a functioning resource pack, do the following:
	1) Create a folder to place all your files into. This is your resource pack folder.
	2) Place the pack.mcmeta file into this folder and create another folder here called "assets".
	3) Create a folder inside the assets folder. This folder can be named anything as long as it is in all lowercase letters.
	4) Create a folder inside that folder called "lang".
	5) Place your .json file in the lang folder.
	6) Place the resource pack folder into your resourcepacks folder in your .minecraft installation.
	7) Load the resource pack in game, and select your language from the languages menu.

## Making the language replace an existing language.
In order to have the generated language file replace an existing language, you will need to be very specific about what you input during the running of this program.
Warning: if done properly, these steps will overrwrite your original language translation file, so you may want to have a copy that is easy to bring over in case you need to.
	1) When prompted for a language code, input the name of your original language file but witout the .json extension (ex: en_us).
	2) When prompted for a language name, input the name stored in your original language file's line titled "language.name" (ex: English).
	3) When prompted for a language region, input the name stored in your original language file's line titled "language.region" (ex: US).
	4) Once this is done, follow the instructions from above to install the resource pack.
	5) If your language was active before loading the resource pack, the game's text should be immediately randomized once the pack is loaded.